>> Jason Lengstorf: This
is doing what we want.
So we've got kind of a basic structure for
our site.
We've got some clicks between.
But I want this button to be
a little more noticeable.
So I'm gonna use a variant in
Theme UI to set up a button style,
because I wanna be able to access that.
So to do that,
I can jump into our Theme UI.
And I'm just gonna define a button and
I want this to be a hollow button.
We don't wanna draw a ton
of attention to it.
It's not like a call to action,
it's just a thing you can do.
And I'm gonna set the background
color to background.
And note,
this is just a regular style object.
The same way that you would do it
if you were using the SX prop,
you're gonna do it here as well.
So we're gonna do
the background of background.
I'm gonna setup the border, will be theme,
and we'll set it to be like 2 px solid.
And let's add theme.colors.primary.
Then I can set the borderRadius to 10.
Let's set the color of
the text to primary color.
I'm also gonna set
the display to inline-block.
Let's set the fontFamily to heading,
the fontWeight to bold.
I'll make this a really fancy button,
give it some padding.
We'll take the textDecoration out.
Make sure that it doesn't get underlined,
we're already calling attention
to it with the button outline.
And then we're gonna even give
this some CSS transitions.
So I'm gonna set it up
to run 200 milliseconds,
that's a good transition length.
We use linear because we're
gonna do color transitions, and
in my experience that tends to be clean.
This one it's done with a linear easing.
And then finally, we wanna set up
some focus styles because again,
we want that to work.
And I didn't show that earlier.
So this is kinda what I'm talking about.
And you can see this one is styled,
there's an outline that
shows up on my tab to it.
And it's nice and clean.
It uses the same color.
It's offset from the text.
But if I tab down to this link by default,
it's highlighted, it's easy to see.
And so defaults aren't a bad thing.
You can leave the defaults in place.
But if you really wanna make
it look kinda styled, and
you wanna take control over the look,
never remove focus styles.
Never, never, never remove focus
styles unless you're replacing them.
So what we're doing is we're just
gonna make these more custom.
So my focus style here is going to
be a background color highlight.
I'm gonna use an outline and
we'll set that up to be 2px solid.
The theme colors.primary.
All right, and
then we'll set that outlineOffset to 2.
And then we also want some hover
styles if you hover over it.
So let's add a hover style.
And we'll just make the background
highlight, if you hover over this.
Okay, so I've done this.
But we're not actually using it yet.
So the way that variance work is anything
that's at top level that's not a reserved
word, so like the colors or the fonts,
we can just define a theme.
And so if you wanted to you could
namespace this to your theme and you could
say, theme docs dot button dot primary or
something if you wanted to make that work.
In most sites, I've found that
the complexity doesn't get that high so
you can get away with just sensible names,
not necessarily heavily named space names.
Your mileage may vary depending
on the size of your team and
how many different people
are gonna touch it.
So to actually use this we can
go back out to this index and
I want to be able to set
this one to have a variant.
So I'm gonna set thES6 prop to variant.
And then we just use dot notation.
So button.hollow, okay?
But in order for this to work,
we need to switch over to the JSX pragma.
So let me replace react up here with
the JSX pragma from the theme-ui, okay?
So we've got the JSX pragma and that
means that we have access to the sx prop.
And all we've done is signify that this is
a hollow button, based on our variance.
And assuming I didn't typo anything,
there we go, we've got a button and
it picks up all the styles.
So when I start clicking around you
can see it now still shows an outline,
but that outline looks
a little more on brand.
So we want this to be very obvious.
When you get into a button
the outline should be
very noticeable because on a busy page
when somebody is tapping through they
should know exactly what is currently
highlighted with their keyboard.
So this isn't like I don't think you
would submit that for designer works, but
this can be really apparent to whoever
is keyboard tabbing through your site,
that that is the button
that is currently selected.
So from there,
I think we can save our work.
And then we'll move on to
further customizing this.
>> Speaker 2: What was that
the button of variant?
>> Jason Lengstorf: Yeah,
so variant in Theme UI,
are just a way to give a name set of
styles, which makes them reuseable
without having to have an object that
you drop into the sx prop or something.
So yeah, we have set up the Theme UI and
gatsby config and
install these dependencies.
I wrote a layout file,
setup a custom theme and
then rewrote the index and
history pages to use that layout.
So let's commit that.
>> Jason Lengstorf: Add Theme UI,
push it up.